The program (find_peaks.py) finds peaks in a given numpy array. The function which finds the peaks 
is maximas.The program first finds the difference between successive elements in the array and stores 
it in an array called 'grad'. The program then looks for successive [+ve -ve] pairs in the numpy
array 'grad' and if the element corresponding to this pair is greater than the threshold 
specified. The program also also considers monotonic arrays in which case the first or last 
element would be the peak (first if monotonically decreasing, last if monotonically increasing).

4 test cases are presented. 

The first (x1) one is the one mentioned in the mail with a certain changes.

The second (x2) and third (x3) are monotonic arrays. 

The last one (x4) is a sine wave with white gaussian noise.

This (4th signal) signal is first filtered using a Savitzky–Golay filter. This smoothening can be done using 
many different forms i.e. moving average filter, low pass/high pass filter (if desired frequency is 
known). The smoothening should be done based on prior knowledge of the array. If little is known the
Savitzky–Golay filter filter may be a good option. 

I would like to add an option to remove peaks which 'too close' to each other as well, but I am not
sure how to at the moment.

Pictures of the images generated by the program are provided and titled with the same as the 
corresponding signal in the program.

The signal x4 has 2 images x4_peaks.png show the entire signal. x4_peaks_range30-80.png shows the peaks
in signal x4 from samples 10 through 90. This image also has the unfiltered signal and the filtered signal
in it. The peaks are determined on the filtered signal.# find_peaks
